Update apply-retention-labels-automatically.md (#2582)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/apply-retention-labels-automatically.md

You can auto-apply labels to content that satisfies certain conditions. The conditions now available support applying a label to content that contains specific words, phrases, or values of searchable properties. You can refine your query by using search operators like AND, OR, and NOT.

> While Auto-Applying lables for searchable properties Alias for a Managed Property cannot be used in the query, it must be the actual name of the Managed Property (e.g. RefinableString01)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While auto-applying labels for searchable properties, an alias for a managed property cannot be used in the query. It must be the actual name of the managed property, for example, RefinableString01.
```
